Let's start off a new section which is modules in JavaScript.
You see modules are very important concepts in JavaScript and any other programming language just like
a painter has on his palette.
Paint in different compartments with different colors and he or she combined them to create a piece
of art or a writer that writes different chapters to a book.
Modules are just like that in that different pieces of code are grouped together so that things are
organized and as our application gets larger and larger we can combine different pieces together to
make these large applications.
It's very similar to the idea of separation of concern right.
The thing that we saw in functional programming and object oriented programming where we tried to contain
things into their own functionality and good modules are like that they're highly self-contained and
grouped together with their own specific functionality allowing them to be moved around used by other
places or even removed without disrupting the whole system as a whole now.
In this section we're going to talk about the historical way how people originally used the idea of
modules in JavaScript and where we are now with native yes 6 modules we're going to go from the very
beginning to now and hopefully you'll understand some of the pain that we had in the past and where
we're going to next.
So that we're able to build these modular pieces of code because remember we need a way to import code
that we want to use.
We don't necessarily have just one massive JavaScript file Ideally our code is broken up into different
files with different functionality or perhaps we even borrowing code that somebody else wrote and we
want to use that in our program.
So we need a way in javascript to import dependencies that is code that we want to use and export functionality
often called an interface to allow others to use our code and with modules.
This idea extends beyond just functions and classes that we saw in our programming paradigms.
This idea of modularity actually goes beyond just JavaScript files to entire systems in distributed
computing.
The concept prevails throughout programming.
So in this section we're going to talk about modules in JavaScript where we came from and where we are
now and the best practices.
Let's get started.